Robert Charles Weimer
1091 BridgeMill Ave
Canton, Georgia

Contact
678.209.6941
rweimer001@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/robert-weimer-4475b3292/

Motivated computer science student seeking internship in software development or cybersecurity to gain hands-on experience.
Outgoing and friendly with strong drive to succeed. Diligent College Student focused on dedication to prompt project completion and continual adaptation. 
Team-oriented collaborator with reliability and focus on equitable task distribution through group projects and motivation to accomplish mutually held goals.

Education
University of Georgia, Franklin College of Arts & Sciences Athens, GA
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science with a Minor in General Business May 2025
GPA: 3.82/4.00

Courses: Introduction to Computing and Programming, Software Development, Systems Programming, Data Structures,
Introduction to Theory of Computing, Computer Architecture and Organization, Evolutionary Computing Applications,
Computer Networks, Algorithms, Cybersecurity, Database Management, Web Programming.

Awards:
Spring 2022, Fall 2022, Spring 2023 - Dean's List
Georgia Zell Miller Scholarship Recipient
The 2021 Holingsworth Math Award Recipient

Skills
Software Development, Proficient in Object Oriented Programming, Advanced Knowledge of Embedded Systems, Java, C, and C++ Specialist, 
Interface Design and Implementation, Code Review, Problem-Solving, Testing and Debugging, Educational Feedback, Records Management,
Proficient in Python, Expert with MySQL Databases

Certifications
Department of Defense Secret Level Clearence

Leadership and Experience
Give a Kid a Chance Canton, GA: 2021
Shift Manager at Guthrie's Chicken Fingers Canton, GA: November 2020 - June 2022
Tutor Self Employed Athens, GA: Feburary 2022 - May 2023
Powerlifting Coach Self Employed Athens, GA: August 2022 - Feburary 2023
Software Engineering Intern at Robins Air Force Base Warner Robins, GA: June 2024 - August 2024
Facility Attendant at Ramsey Student Center Athens, GA: Janurary 2024 - Present

Projects
Mobile Banking Website - 
Developed a simulated version of a mobile banking website including functionality to create new accounts, deposit money, as well as transfering to other users. 
Webiste is run locally using Apache spring boot library. Utilizes MySQL databse locally to store information.

Music Creation through Evolutionary Programming - 
Uses the fudamentals of genetic and evolutionary programming to create simple 8-bit style beats for music inpiration and creation.
The project was created in Python, and utilizes the random library to randomly create and simulate genetic mutation in the beats and notes created.
Also utilizes the CLICK python library in order to create the music and export created music into a midi file.

